Fix blockstorage volume online retyping (#483)
vk-cs/terraform-provider-vkcs: CHANGELOG.md

# VKCS Provider's changelog

#### v0.8.3 (unreleased)

> - Fix changing the volume_type of the vkcs_blockstorage_volume resource when it is connected to a compute instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix unexpected state error when updating volume_type of an attached vkcs_blocstorage_volume
```

Author: done
